[IMP] inventory: full or partial packaging (#9520)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/management/products/usage.rst

      :alt: Show packaging and contained quantities, specified on the product page form in the
            Inventory tab.

Partial reservation
-------------------

After :ref:`completing the packaging setup <inventory/management/packaging-setup>`, packagings can
be reserved in full or partial quantities for outgoing shipments. Partial packaging flexibility

> expedites order fulfillment by allowing immediate shipment of available items while awaiting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expedites order fulfillment by allowing the immediate shipment of available items, while awaiting the
```

rest.

To configure packaging reservation methods, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration

> --> Product Categories`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create` or select the desired product category. On

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--> Product Categories`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`, or select the desired product category. On
```

the product category's form, in the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, :guilabel:`Reserve Packagings`

> can be set to :guilabel:`Reserve Only Full Packagings` or :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings`.

Reviewer: ![Screenshot 2024-05-30 062337](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/73958186/f543db7c-9efe-4e74-ba59-bcb98632c223)
On the 15.0 runbot I'm using for the review, I am not seeing a 'Reserve Packagings' field (in the Logistics section or anywhere else) on the Product Category form.
Is this a "runbot-related" issue? Does something else need to be enabled/configured before this field appears on a form? Either way, I think it might be worth looking into during your revisions, just to make sure everything is accurate. Thanks! 👍

Author: Thanks for pointing this out! I'll add an "important" admonition block so the reader will remember to enable the relevant feture.

Author: ```suggestion
the product category's form, in the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, :guilabel:`Reserve Packagings`
can be set to :guilabel:`Reserve Only Full Packagings` or :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings`.

.. important::

Ensure the TODO: product packagings feature is enabled
```

.. image:: usage/reserve-packaging.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show *Reserve Packagings* field on the product categories page.

.. example::

>    To better evaluate the options based on business needs, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To better evaluate the options based on business needs, consider the following example:
```

      :alt: Show packaging and contained quantities, specified on the product page form in the
            Inventory tab.

Partial reservation
-------------------

After :ref:`completing the packaging setup <inventory/management/packaging-setup>`, packagings can
be reserved in full or partial quantities for outgoing shipments. Partial packaging flexibility
expedites order fulfillment by allowing the immediate shipment of available items, while awaiting the
rest.

> To configure packaging reservation methods, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
> --> Product Categories`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`, or select the desired product category. On
> the product category's form, in the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, :guilabel:`Reserve Packagings`
> can be set to :guilabel:`Reserve Only Full Packagings` or :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure packaging reservation methods, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
--> Product Categories`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`, or select the desired product category.

On the product category's form, in the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, :guilabel:`Reserve Packagings`
can be set to :guilabel:`Reserve Only Full Packagings` or :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings`.
```

.. important::

>    To see the :guilabel:`Reserve Packaging` field, the :guilabel:`Product Packaging` feature must be
>    enabled by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`, scrolling to
>    the :guilabel:`Products` section, and ticking the :guilabel:`Product Packagings` checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To see the :guilabel:`Reserve Packaging` field, the :guilabel:`Product Packaging` feature **must** be
   enabled. To enable this feature, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`,
   scroll to the :guilabel:`Products` section, tick the :guilabel:`Product Packagings` checkbox, and click
   :guilabel:`Save`.
```

Reviewer: Great job with the new admonition! Works perfectly now! Way to go 👍

.. image:: usage/reserve-packaging.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show *Reserve Packagings* field on the product categories page.

.. example::
   To better evaluate the options based on business needs, consider the following example:

   - a product is sold in twelve units per packaging.
   - an order demands two packagings.
   - there are only twenty-two units in stock.

   When :guilabel:`Reserve Only Full Packagings` is selected, only twelve units are reserved for the
   order.

>    On the other hand, choosing :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings` reserves twenty-two units for
>    the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Conversely, when :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings` is selected, twenty-two units are reserved for
   the order.
```

            Inventory tab.

Partial reservation
-------------------

After :ref:`completing the packaging setup <inventory/management/packaging-setup>`, packagings can
be reserved in full or partial quantities for outgoing shipments. Partial packaging flexibility
expedites order fulfillment by allowing the immediate shipment of available items, while awaiting
the rest.

To configure packaging reservation methods, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration
--> Product Categories`. Then, click :guilabel:`Create`, or select the desired product category.

On the product category's form, in the :guilabel:`Logistics` section, :guilabel:`Reserve Packagings`
can be set to :guilabel:`Reserve Only Full Packagings` or :guilabel:`Reserve Partial Packagings`.

.. important::
   To see the :guilabel:`Reserve Packaging` field, the :guilabel:`Product Packaging` feature
   **must** be enabled. To enable this feature, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
   Configuration --> Settings`, scroll to the :guilabel:`Products` section, tick the
   :guilabel:`Product Packagings` checkbox, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: usage/reserve-packaging.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Show *Reserve Packagings* field on the product categories page.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick– no formatting in alt tags please :)
```suggestion
   :alt: Show Reserve Packagings field on the product categories page.
```
